feat: add organization authentication notes for Connected Accounts flow (#1041)
auth0/docs-v2: auth4genai/get-started/call-others-apis-on-users-behalf.mdx

Use Auth0 SDKs to fetch access tokens for social and enterprise identity providers from Auth0's [Token Vault](https://auth0.com/docs/secure/tokens/token-vault). Using these access tokens, AI agents integrated with the application can call third-party APIs to perform tasks on the user's behalf.

> <Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">
```

> If your application uses [Organizations](https://auth0.com/docs/manage-users/organizations), authenticate the user in the target organization before you initiate the Connected Accounts flow. Each organization member connects and authorizes their own external account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application uses [Organizations](https://auth0.com/docs/manage-users/organizations), authenticate the user with the target organization before initiating the Connected Accounts flow. Each organization member connects and authorizes their own external account.
```

> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Callout>
```

> If your application uses [Organizations](https://auth0.com/docs/manage-users/organizations), authenticate the user with the target organization before initiating the Connected Accounts flow. Each organization member connects and authorizes their own external account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your application uses [Organizations](/docs/manage-users/organizations), authenticate the user with the target organization before initiating the Connected Accounts flow. Each organization member connects and authorizes their own external account.
```
